Completing S64 (pointed rational ext. of $\mathbb R^2$) (#1412)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000064/properties/P000118.md

---
space: S000064
property: P000118
value: true
---

> A $k$-network can be constructed as the union of the following locally finite families:
> - $\{ \{x\}:x\in X\setminus D\}$ - the singletons of all points outside $D$, 
> - countably many Euclidean balls in $D$ forming a base for the standard topology on $\mathbb Q^2$ (each can be a lone member of a separate family),
> - $\{\{q\}\}$ for all $q\in D$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A $k$-network can be constructed as the union of the following countably many locally finite families:
- the family $\{ \{x\}:x\in X\setminus D\}$ of singletons of all points outside $D$, 
- a family $\{B\}$ for each Euclidean ball $B$ in $D$ belonging to a countable base for the standard topology on  $\mathbb Q^2$,
- a family $\{\{q\}\}$ for each $q\in D$.
```
making the description of the three types of families more parallel to each other

> For a compact set $K\subset U\subset X$ we can consider its open cover where neighbourhoods of $x\in K\setminus D$ consist of $x$ and a ball contained in $\mathbb Q^2\cap U$. The points in $K\cap D$ can be covered by sigletons. We take an open subcover of $K$ and then at most twice as many elements of the network are needed to cover $K$.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For a compact set $K\subset U\subset X$ we can consider its open cover where neighbourhoods of $x\in K\setminus D$ consist of $x$ and a ball contained in $D\cap U$. The points in $K\cap D$ can be covered by singletons. We take an open subcover of $K$ and then at most twice as many elements of the network are needed to cover $K$.
```
